[config]
name = deep-nll4
workspace = workspace
dataset = deep4
input_directory = deep4
max_trajectory_length = 300
min_trajectory_length = 5
extract_coord_features = True
optimizer = Adam
loss = nll_loss
device = cuda:0
lr = 0.001
momentum = 0.5
batch_size = 5
train_test_ratio = 0.8/0.2
overfit1 = False
shuffle_samples = True
number_epoch = 300
seed = 50
patience = 8
number_observations = 4
self_loop_weight = 0.01
diffusion_k_hops = 60
diffusion_hidden_dimension = 1
parametrized_diffusion = False
use_shortest_path_distance = False
initial_edge_transformer = True
self_loop_deadend_only = True
diffusion_self_loops = False
rw_max_steps = -1
rw_expected_steps = True
rw_edge_weight_see_number_step = False
with_interpolation = False
target_prediction = next
latent_transformer_see_target = False
rw_non_backtracking = False
double_way_diffusion = False
compute_baseline = False
enable_checkpointing = True
checkpoint_directory = chkpt
checkpoint_every_num_epoch = 10
restore_from_checkpoint = False
num_observed_samples = 300
obs_time_intervals = 6
checkpoint_file_name = 0290.pt
max_iteration_prediction = 500
prediction_file_name = prediction_result.csv
agent_speed = 1.11
max_node_duplication = 3
blockage_time_intervals = 150
start_reverse_edges = 50000
